# simplec
An Internet Protocol server application for viewing ANSI (color) text data sent via UDP or TCP. Its primary purpose is to display remote text information generated by the debug library used in the passwin/passlin application.

The program simples.c is based on a sample program of the same name that was provided with the Microsoft Developer Network (MSDN) library that was associated with Microsoft Visual C++ version 6.0. The original sample code can be found using the MSDN Library Visual Studio 6.0a tool included with the VC98 compiler. The path to the code is as follows:

  MSDN Library Visual Studio 6.0
    Visual C++ Documentation
      Samples
        SDK Samples
          NetDS Samples
            Winsock: Windows Sockets Samples
              Simple: Sample TCP/UDP server

The EULA on the MSDN install disk specifies that the sample code, as well as any derivative products based on it, may only be re-distributed in object code format. The program contained in the samples.c file obviously still contains remnants from the original Microsoft sample. Therefore, the source code for this program in its present form may not be re-distributed.

The current goal of this project is to remove the remaining Microsoft sample remnants so that the Microsoft copyright may legally be removed and the resulting portable (Windows/Linux) server source code can be freely distributed. Since the sample uses typical unix socket techniques, a re-factor of the variable names and re-write of the (few) original comments should probably be sufficient. However, although the readme.txt file provided with the sample code does not include a copyright notice, it is included on Microsoft's list of files (found on the install disk) that can only be re-distributed in object code format. Thus, to be absolutely safe, this file will need to be either completely re-written (preferable) or deleted.

The follow-on goal of this project will be to port the code to OS-X and FreeBSD.
